README.md, before:

# Cryptoterminal
Cryptoterminal is a very simple macOS desktop application that enables you keep track of your cryptocurrency portfolio.


## Installation
If you want to install the app from a pre-built version on the release page, you can simply run the executeable after download.

For updating simply download the new version and copy it over the old one (keep a backup of the old one if you want to be sure).


## Getting Started with Development

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Dependencies

```
1. Cocoapods for dependency management.
2. Swift 4.1
```

### Initialisation
```
1. Clone repo to your local machine
2. cd into directory.
3. run pod install
```

## Built With

* [core-plot](https://github.com/core-plot/core-plot) - The graphing framework used.
* [Cryptocompare](https://www.cryptocompare.com/) - Used to get price data.

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to help out with the source code! We welcome contributions from anyone on the internet, and are grateful for even the smallest of fixes!

If you'd like to contribute to cryptoterminal, please fork, fix, commit and send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base. 


## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/obiesie/cryptoterminal/tags). 

## Authors

* **Obiesie Ike-Nwosu** - *Initial work*

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/obiesie/cryptoterminal/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

Expand README file with information on supported functionality.

README.md, after:

# Cryptoterminal
Cryptoterminal is a very simple macOS desktop application that enables you keep track of your cryptocurrency portfolio.

Cryptoterminal provides support for you to import trade data from exchanges - only GDAX, Coinbase, Kraken and Poloniex at the moment,
create a watch list to monitor price trends for major cryptocurrencies, import wallet balances (not all wallets are supported yet) and provides an aggregate view of all your cryptocurrency portfolio.


## Installation
If you want to install the app from a pre-built version on the release page, you can simply run the executeable after download.

For updating simply download the new version and copy it over the old one (keep a backup of the old one if you want to be sure).


## Getting Started with Development

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Dependencies

```
1. Cocoapods for dependency management.
2. Swift 4.1
```

### Initialisation
```
1. Clone repo to your local machine
2. cd into directory.
3. run pod install
```

## Built With

* [core-plot](https://github.com/core-plot/core-plot) - The graphing framework used.
* [Cryptocompare](https://www.cryptocompare.com/) - Used to get price data.

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to help out with the source code! We welcome contributions from anyone on the internet, and are grateful for even the smallest of fixes!

If you'd like to contribute to cryptoterminal, please fork, fix, commit and send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base. 


## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/obiesie/cryptoterminal/tags). 

## Authors

* **Obiesie Ike-Nwosu** - *Initial work*

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/obiesie/cryptoterminal/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE) file for details
